Turn off the bullshit.
Cut the bullshit.
Just get to the weeds of that.
You are,
you are fucking yourself up by not examining your brain.
You're not examining your brain message it,
that's done.
You examine your fucking brain.
And that takes some hard work and suffering if you're not willing to do that.
I'm sorry.
And it seems like there's no way to do that as a bystander.
No,
you can't watch it,
man.
You gotta get out there and like,
oh,
this hurts.
This hurts real fucking bad.
I don't think this is smart.
And then guess what happens?
The body will adjust.
It will adjust.
And if that goes well,
then the next question I get,
but as your time when it doesn't,
the judge,
what the fuck?
I get some of the stupidest shit man.
Like don't,
don't take with a grain of fucking salt people.
Those questions that people that are wanting to quit.
Yes,
yes.
And that's what I say.
When should I quit yet that God,
did you ever like feel like no,
shut the fuck out.
Stop.
I don't want to be like that.
There's always that next question.
No,
don't take it.
Like go out there and run through a brick walls many times as you can.
No,
I'm not saying be me.
Don't run towards him five miles at one time.
Not saying do that.
I'm saying start to learn.
The mind is powerful.
It's powerful,
man.
It's,
it's unbelievable.
But if people need,
they need a thing to get them going,
right?
They need a thing,
I need a goal they need,
they need a like,
it's sometimes the first step is the hardest.
Like it's hard to take that 1 million step two.
But sometimes the first step is the mall.
There's something about the,
what do I do?
How do they start going over their phone?
They start calling people.
They don't get out of the house and there's something about procrastination.
It's like,
you know,
it's painful.
You know,
you should be doing things but you just keep doing it.
You keep it
itching.
That scan.
I procrastinate like a motherfucker,
man.
Every day I want to do this shit.
That's what's so funny,
man.
People looking like I'm some damn superhero that came down from the Gods,
from the heavens and earth.
No Man,
I don't want to do this shit.
I'm looking at my shoes for 30 minutes sometimes can man,
fuck man,
people,
people look up to you.
Goggins fucked him.
I want to do the shot.
I'm like,
I want to do this shit man,
but guess what?
You do it.
I'm going to do it as long as you do it.
And that's what I know about it,
man.
That's why I stopped doing.
I'm thinking,
Oh man,
you got to
fucking sit here and you look at your shoes for 30 40 minutes.
You Go,
you gotta think about all day long and you go do it anyway.
And sometimes you don't have the time.
I look at issues with 30 minutes.
Those are the,
those are the beautiful days.
Yes.
As you'd know,
you just have to go.
That's right.
And so like there's no room for procrastination.
And that's when I,
when I was in the military,
I love my schedule because I knew I'd be at work at seven o'clock so you got to
get your ass up at four o'clock man.
He had get your shit in brother cause I had to get my shit
and before I got my shit in.
Right.
You know,
so that was my mentality back then.
Man.
You know,
like I,
I had to get the miles and get everything in man and and get to work.
Man.
I'm a competing with the Alpha males,
he said,
but how much did that piss other Alpha males off that you were,
you were imposing a very high bar.
I,
I was a very misunderstood human being mouse in the military.
The air force guys liked me a lot.
The Rangers liked me a lot.
So much.
Not The seals because they were with you.
They didn't like me so much,
which is fine,
you know,
I respect him.
I think a lot of them respect.
I've,
I've a lot of friends in the seal teams so I got to like,
like minded mentalities as me.
It wants to get me.
I grew up and I got over it.
A lot of guys still have,
you know,
like they,
a lot of people can't get over the fact of whatever.
When I became a sill recruiter,
a lot of guys thought I wasn't deploying for a lot of reasons and whatnot and
they,
I heard a lot.
I was that guy who grinded,
I grind it hard.
I mean I,
I grounded hard.
I was that guy who was up like if we went on an op or we had a,
a workup,
let's say we had a workup,
we're an island,
we're out there shooting guns and dual land warfare and we did it to like one
o'clock in the fucking morning.
Most everybody go to sleep.
I ain't go to sleep.
I went to the gym,
I worked out or I go sleep and send me to be up at five o'clock I was up at four
o'clock and got my hour in.
I made sure to always do that and I did it to a point to where I think it pissed
some people off because I,
I want a quiet person.
About it.
You know,
I,
uh,
I wasn't the most humble person always,
you know.
So when you're on Alpha males,
um,
you're sometimes picking a fight,
you know,
all the time.
And I look different.
I acted different,
I was different.
I am different.
And I take a lot of pride in that.
And so,
you know,
if,
if you didn't get after it,
I didn't respect you because I believe that you know where,
where I'm at.
I know that human potential is what we have.
So all we have is what we,
the world sees us a certain way.
And when I saw that people weren't doing that,
I had a funky ass fucking attitude.
And I own it in my book.
I come back from ranger school,
a big time leader.
I was a big time fucking leader,
got honor man out there.
I led by example.
And when I realized a lot of times when you're in these schools,
these schools,
people want to graduate these schools because they suck.
They don't want to ever go back to these schools.
Those schools became my fucking life.
People don't want to see your fucking God that wants to go back to day one,
week one,
a fucking navy seal training every fucking day of your life and that's how I
live and it's a disgusting human being.
I can be.
It is and a lot of people didn't like me a lot.
A lot of fucking people started some stupid shit and started saying this and
that.
The bottom line,
man,
my fucking resume says it all man.
My resumes out there,
guru the motherfucker.
You say whatever you want to say about me,
man.
I missed some diplomas man,
for having fucking,
you know,
two heart surgeries and people try to start some rumors.
Shit on me man.
You started rumors.
Shit on me man,
because I fucking got the fuck after it and real hard guys like a guy named Hawk
I talked to all time.
Yay.
He's a great friend of mine.
When the horse,
my first before my heart surgery,
my second heart surgery,
I'm going to have Tim Mile Rec room.
If my second heart surgery the day of it,
I'm going to a 10 mile ruck and 50 pounds.
I saw that guy.
He's like,
what the fuck are you doing out here?
We get a heart surgeon.
It's Roger,
that brother I'm getting in before I'm be out for about six months after the
heart surgery.
That was my mentality because I started realizing in a young age we'd always
leaving on the table and once I found out what a human beings capable of,
I didn't know how to control that.
I was,
I was a fucking,
you went to about fucking savage.
That's what that was.
I was a fucking straight up people's talk about savage.
Very likely I was fucking from the back woods,
motherfucking savage dude.
You know,
and at this I was just,
I was,
I told you what I thought I had it.
I ate chips on my shoulder,
I m and a lot of times that wasn't great.
So is it a situation where like with the seals were,
once you've gotten through buds and once you've gotten through all of the
physically grueling parts of getting to be accepted,
once you're in,
then you were imposing standards that they didn't want to,
they didn't want to keep up with?
I would say some people,
I had a,
I had one platoon that had the problem with,
you know,
like I like I,
I,
I graduated ranger school and I got in this Petunia and I didn't see out of
hockey.
I was in with PT program and you put me in charge,
the PT program is fucking your ass.
And the thing about it is I didn't like it either.
I didn't want to do this shit either man.
But what were you making them do?
Like you know like I it was,
it was some navy,
it was some bud shit.
You know,
we went back to bud,
it's like,
you know,
log pts and you know Karen logs over the berms and shit and like I'd had a few
like pull ups,
rope climbs,
pull up like for like fucking hour.
So imagine doing rope climb then go over to do like 10 to 15 pull ups coming
back.
And we would do like these if they were very hard workouts.
Like there was no like go to the gym,
lift some weights,
type of shit.
And I was imposing my own mentality on everybody.
These are grown ass fucking men.
They know,
you know,
they don't want to be what I'm trying to make them to be.
And when they called me off like,
Hey,
you know,
we're not in seal,
we're not buds anymore.
Goggins it pissed me off and I uh,
and I get a little fucking attitude.
Got,
got my chip and I,
I got my ball and meet me and sledge went ahead and started to a workout
together and we developed this like me and sleds workout like fucking garanimals
and we had this fucking mentality of fuck yeah,
we're getting after it every day and everyone's kind of did their own thing,
man.
And I just,
that's when I started looking at people,
you know,
not just sales but people very differently mad cause I bit in to like,
like to be this special opera.
You,
Gabby,
I have broken legs and these guys,
all those stories.
I was the same guy,
man.
I put people on a pedestal.
I put people like I can never be them.
I can never be that guy,
man.
Never put anybody on a pedestal.
That's what happened to me.
I put them on a person once I got up there and with them and I saw him and wants
to get,
not everybody,
some hard motherfuckers out there and do period dot Haar motherfuckers.
I thought every motherfucker was hard.
Yay.
Nay uncommon amongst uncommon men.
That's all it was about for me,
man.
And I took it to another level and I pissed a lot of motherfuckers off and they
were trying to find chinks in my armor.
Then they were there.
They were trying to find chinks in the armor.
You know,
all he does is run.
All he does is fucking run.
That's why,
you know.
But once again,
that's what we talked about,
the military too much.
Like I said,
the Air Force love me.
The army guys I worked with love me,
the ranger school,
all that stuff love me and I wasn't,
you know,
it says where it is,
man.
It's a,
I was part of the navy seals I was at.
I was a team guy,
but I wasn't part of the Brotherhood and that's just me,
man.
That's just me.
It ain't say nothing bad about them.
I got a lot of love for a lot of them.
Love,
I'm in,
got love from me.
Bank of talk bad about them is this.
I'm different.
It definitely,
I figured out I'm different from everybody in the fucking world and I had to own
that and say,
you know what man,
you made a lot of fucking mistakes being,
it's being who you are.
And I should have been more of a leader at times,
but a lot of towns,
a lot of people should have been a little bit harder to.
So was it that some of those guys just didn't want to work as hard or was it
this that they were,
they weren't appreciating how competitive you were,
you were always against them.
Is that what it was?
That it did it Disney foster the sense of brotherhood because you are more like
come on pussy.
I,
I didn't really call them pussies,
but you can look at my face and I looked at you and in,
you know,
you can,
you can kind of say this,
you know,
so what happens?
I started developing this,
like the separation in our thing about me to mass.
I don't go out,
I don't party.
I don't hang out with the guys.
I don't,
you know,
so I was always forming this kind of separation.
I'm a,
I'm a big time introvert,
you know,
I do my job and I don't want to see your fucking ass again.
I'm to go home refreshed and we'll see you again.
You know,
you're in a platoon with these guys for two,
two years,
sometimes a year and a half.
And I would,
you know,
we work up,
do our shit and I,
I'll just,
I'll just a different fucking cat.
I'm a different cat man.
Like I,
uh,
you know,
I just,
I think differently.
I believe differently.
Um,
I believe strongly in what I believe in.
Well,
some people must appreciate the fact that we're self motivated and that you were
pushing the envelope,
that you were pushing this case.
You were setting a high bar
bar.
Yeah.
I have a lot of guys right now within the community.
A lot of,
a lot of guys,
once again,
this is like,
it's like a big soap opera sometimes,
man,
when you,
when,
when you're in a fraternity like that,
that's where it's like,
man,
so I had to,
I'd get different vantage point,
look at it and see like,
you know,
a lot of guys,
they respect who I was and what I did.
And um,
I,
I brought it fucking hard a lot in every day,
but I also rub people the wrong way.
I'm like that,
that you're talking about.
I'm like,
that itch.
You want to scratch the fuck out my ass.
And I said,
you want us like,
fuck this dude,
man.